## Business Requirements
* **BR1** - We want to be able to find other projects as investors and developers using keywords and similar interests.
  * Investors and developers must be able to find the projects they are interested in. Using keywords and previous projects allows for developers and investors to find projects that fit their functionality and ability and creates a community around certain ideas. Founders should be able to classify their project to make it easier for developers and investors to find their project
* **BR2** - We want founders to share ideas with developers and investors by displaying statistics on pitch pages and user profiles.
  * Founders need to be able to establish their ideas using a pitch page and other graphics to help developers and investors understand the scope and validity of the founder's ideas. The founder can provide essential information and statistics to strengthen their pitch idea and gives the developers and investors more information to work from.
* **BR3** - Founders will use direct messaging and their pitch page to communicate information about the pitch to developers and investors.
  * Providing a network for founders to interact with potential developers and investors creates a community around an idea. The founders should be able to relay changes and features to the included parties and vise versa. Direct messaging allows for contained information exchanges that may not be suitable for a pitch page, but needs to be discussed with the included parties including payment, iteration spans, and introduced bugs.
* **BR4** - We want to allow users the choice to use all aspects of the software as a founder, investor, and/or developer.
  * The end user of the software should be able to access all different components of the software. A developer can be a founder or an investor of other projects they aren't working on because they may have a good idea they want to get out or find pitches that they enjoy the idea of, but also be able to fund and develop an idea that they like and want to work on. The versatility allows for all end users to use the software to the fullest potential without restrictions set by each role.
* **BR5** - The investment will be held by the software to assure payment to the developer until the completion of the founder’s pitch.
  * The investments being held by the software requires progress to be seen by all three included parties before money is given out for production and marketing. The project funds aren't given to the founder immediately to ensure funds get distributed properly and preventing investors from feeding money into something that will never happen. This is all to ensure quality and validity of the pitch without truly investing money outright.
* **BR6** - We want to allow users to negotiate terms and ideas of a pitch based on developers and investments involved with the pitch.
  * Developers may love a pitch idea, however their tech-stack or knowledge of the software's purpose might conflict with the founders ideas. Investors may want to invest in components of an idea, but believe the scope is too large. Allowing the involved parties to discuss terms and conditions of the idea can create a foundation for the idea and solidify the communication and network between the three parties. If the project receives more funding than initally planned, discussing the terms of the project could help strengthen the project scope and push towards production of the software.
  
