## Day 03-22-2021

## Meeting Start Time

**2021/03/22/12:00 PM**

## Meeting End Time

**2021/03/22/1:00 PM**

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Julian, Chris, Jim, Robert

## Minute Recorder

Robert

## Topics Discussed

This week the team discussed progres made on our iteration features. Julian talked about his progress with the trimodal toggle bar, and possible changes to it. He also discussed a
known bug with it where it can be deselected but said he knows how to fix it. The team also discussed the creation of a navigation bar, which Julian said he would implement. Chris
showed his progress with the chat/messaging service, which now works but is still currently being fleshed out in terms of polish. Robert and Jim are working on the front and back
end tests, respectively.

## Topics Clarified

All team members were made aware of the progress and struggles of the other team members, and so our progress along the iteration was cleared up. We also clarified some stylistic
decisions that needed to be made as a group. Overall the team is satisfied with the progress made thus far.
