# Week of 10/05/2020 - 10/13/2020

## Meeting Start Time

 **2020/10/07/12:00 pm** 

## Meeting End Time

**2020/10/07/ 1:30pm** 

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Chris, Haden, Julian, Jim, Robert

## Minute Recorder

Haden Foster

## Topics Discussed

To start the meeting off, we discussed the basics of Jira/Confluence and how to use them. Confluence is a great collaboration tool that allowed for todays group meeting to run much more smoothly than it did using google docs. The Group mutually decided to reword business requirement #2 to make it easier to read and understand. We then began discussing and generating the Use cases based out of the business requirements. 

We spent the majority of this meeting trying to decide on primarily use cases. Once the primary focus of user cases was finished, we spent the rest of the meeting creating actors. Determing who the actors were was easy, however determing which use case goes to each actor was the more tricky part. After we matched the use cases with their appropriate actors, we went through our list of use cases and labeled them according to which actor they belonged to. 



## Things Clarified

The group decided that we needed to start reaching out to our client and mentor to schedule potential meetings in the upcoming weeks following the completion of our design phase. We also decided to meet tomorrow {10/08/2020} to create the requirements so we can potentially meet with our mentor/client sooner. We also determined we should meet this Sunday{10/11/2020} to begin working on the tech stack and domain.  



