# Week of 11/9/2020 - 11/15/2020

## Meeting Start Time

**2020/11/10/ 5:00 pm** 

## Meeting End Time

**2020/11/10/ 5:50 pm** 

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

 Haden, Julian, Jim, Chris

## Minute Recorder

Julian Price

## Topics Discussed

We discussed App.vue and how to have it properly setup with router links, and the purpose of the various code within the file. For example, <router-view/> was discussed and determined to be a necessity within the file. After we discussed this, Chris brought up a desire to implement a SCRUM meeting structure for future meetings. Using this structure we can talk about miscellaneous things and clarifications after the daily standup. The next topic we discussed was the team meeting and when we were going to have it, we decided for Thursday at 5pm. We discussed attempting to schedule a mentor meeting on Saturday at 12pm, which would give us one day to turn in the required documents related to that meeting.  We discussed our iteration one progress and so far most of us are prepared to start or continue making ground on iteration one. Slim templates and implementing them was also discussed.
## Things Clarified
We clarified what the purpose of the App.vue file is and that we will begin to use a SCRUM meeting structure in our team meetings to help keep us on track and clarify any issues we might be facing. Chris will have it ready for next meeting on Thursday at 5pm.  The team talked about what each individual has completed, especially in reference to Jim. Jim shared his screen to bring focus to four lines of code that had to be changed in one of the code files, something Chris brought up earlier in the meeting. We clarified how to convert a slim template to a vue file to run in visual studio code.
