# Week of 12/7/2020 - 12/13/2020

## Meeting Start Time

 **2020/12/07/11:00 am** 

## Meeting End Time

**2020/12/07/12:30pm** 

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Chris, Haden, Julian, Jim

## Minute Recorder

Haden

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was exclusively reserved for critiquing other groups iteration 1 presentations. We decided to pick two projects that we reviewed for design day and one new project. The two projects that we were already familiar with were Lead Sigma and AWS Visual. The new project that we hadn't looked into yet was Betterflye CMS. Mutually between the four of us, we determined that all three of the presentations as well as the code was very well developed with the exception of minor details that we disagreed with. 

We felt that Lead Sigma had a very good code repository and presentation. The one thing that we felt could have been improved on was their focus of other functionalities outside of the ones specified by the client. 

Betterflye CMS had a really good presentation. We determined that they could have focused more on their other functionalities instead of putting so much effort into their login and account creation features. 

AWS Visual had a very clean and organized repository and slides. Their presentation of the material however could have used a little bit of rehearsal just to make sure the information is being presented in an appropriate order. 

## Things Clarified

The group clarified that iteration 2 is due this next weekend. Julian and Chris decided to work on the search functionality after this meeting. Jim and Haden(me) decided that we would meet sometime this afternoon to try and make more progress on the pitch page creation. 
