# Client Meeting on 02/08/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/02/08/12:00pm

## Meeting End Time

2021/02/08/1:00pm

## Location/Medium

Zoom Call

## Present

Trey(Client), Chris, Julian, Jim, Robert

## Minute Recorder

Robert

## Topics Discussed
In this meeting with Trey, we presented our Iteration 2 software to him and showed him our three features we were working on for this iteration. We showed our pitch page creation,
our messaging, and the search function. The meeting itself was very short because Trey was driving when we had our meeting, but he didn't have any complaints about our 
software and was happy to see our progress. We also discussed our signin system, Okta, when Trey asked about what we are using for our sign-in. 
We also went over our API with our client, showing him the general layout of our backend.

In this meeting with our client Trey, we presented our Iteration 3 software to him and our major features for this iteration. This involved showing him our Pitch page, where pitches
can now be shared via a shareable link, and our work on the backend, which is finally beginning to pay off with the functionality of the Pitch page. We also showed Trey some of the
code of our backend, and our pgAdmin showing the database working. We discussed with him adding images for the slide backgrounds and how to go about it, for which he told us to do
it however worked for us. Trey recommended creating some dummy users and storing some pitches with them and trying to view them with another user without a pitch for next iteration.
Finally, Trey talked briefly about how to transfer him control of the GitLab, but said we would figure it out at the end of the project. Overall, Trey seemed satisfied with our progress.

## Things Clarified
The things clarified in this iteration would be discussion about things such as adding images for the backgrounds, and also Trey's reassurance that we were doing the backend correctly.
