# Client Meeting on 11/27/2020

## Meeting Start Time

2020/11/27/12:00

## Meeting End Time

2020/11/27/12:30

## Location/Medium

Zoom Call

## Present

Trey(Client), Chris, Haden, Julian, Jim, Robert

## Minute Recorder

Julian

## Topics Discussed
We discussed our first iteration progress as well as where and how we went wrong. Specifically, we discussed how we over-committed this iteration which led to us having a lot of 
backend, but practically no worthwhile functionality which was not our goal. We intended to have at least searching and messaging functionality, but attempted to complete more than that.  
By the end of the first iteration but we did not achieve the expansive goals we set our for ourselves. Instead of spreading ourselves too thin in iteration two, we're going to attempt to 
share the workload as well as be certain its a fair amount that can realistically be accompished in the given timeframe.. 
This means working on code together and tackling issues together. Chris and Julian shared their screens to show Trey the current progress. Trey thought our plans for the next iteration were good and appreciated the progress we've made so far, even
though we didn't accomplish much of what we wanted.

Another topic we discussed is where we went right this iteration. This iteration we decided that we work well as a group and communicate effectively; this is our strongest point. 
We're going to continue to communicate with each other and attempt to improve the areas that need improvement.


## Things Clarified
We're now aware of how we're going to go forward in our project. That is, we're going to try to team up to solve coding issues and be careful about over-committing.
