# Mentor Meeting on 03/25/2021

## Meeting Start Time

**2021/03/25/6:00 pm**

## Meeting End Time

**2021/03/25/6:50 pm**

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Julian, Jim, Evan, Robert, Chris

## Minute Recorder

Julian

## Topics Dicussed

So far, we've gotten quite a bit done. First off, we've implemented Signal R and we can now send messages. 
We have a web socket open on the backend so whenever anything happens it'll send a message to an observer and the frontend will look for that message. 
This allows us to send messages in the manner we want so we don't have to ping the backend to check for new messages or chats which makes it much less load bearing on the backend. 
Chris has begun implementing the "Add New User" functionality for messaging which lists names and emails of people when searched. 
It's not completely done yet, as clicking the people in the populated list does nothing when it's supposed to be a link.
Jim has been doing testing and took search and dissected it to figure out how to do testing on search, since its the simplest module of all of them. 
He has a good framework he wants to use for creating tests on the backend. Julian screen shared and showed his navigation bar and updated radio buttons. 
Evan commented about his own experiences with the capstone project and thought we were doing well.

## Topics Clarified

Robert's been doing frontend work, and Chris has been doing the majority of messaging work. 
He's nearly done with the "Add New User" functionality and will begin working on the messaging CSS soon. 
Overall, the mentor meeting went very well and we got very good feedback!
