# Mentor Meeting on 10/12/2020 - 10/18/2020

## Meeting Start Time

**2020/10/18/12:00 pm**

## Meeting End Time

**2020/10/10/12:50 pm**

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Haden, Julian, Chris, Evan, Jim, Robert

## Minute Recorder

Julian

## Topics Dicussed

Business Requirements, Use Cases, Requirements, TechStack, Jira: First Iteration Features, Prototype, Slim templates

## Things Clarified

Evan said it was good we had so much planned because it'll be very beneficial later on when creating user stories as well as letting us know that we have plenty of use cases and user stories defined.
So the inbox the notify going to the investor what exactly is that representing?
So notify will happen upon project completion. Once a pitch has been completed it moves into a project object. It'll be marked as completed and the inbox will notify the investor of the completed project.
Domain model looks good. Domain models can get very weavy. We have a good idea of what's going on.
TechStack: Evan recommends: AngularJS is definitely the angular that has the bad rep that everyone flinches at. Regular angular (10.1.4) If you use angular rather than angularJS its so much better and well documented.
A website is split up into different componenets. Angular works with TypeScript so if we're familiar with java we'll hava a breeze. Recommends Angular over AngularJS because its a better experience, has more documentation, and way more friendly.
TypeScript is very similar to JS.
Jira: First Iteration Features - Evan suggest we switch to a user story format for issues. Suggests doing backlog refinement so that a backlog is ready when we reach it. Try to get the sprint as close to being usable as possible sometime before we actually accept the sprint. If we're doing front-end work, we should try/attach screenshots of our UI/UX.
Prototype - Chris: We focused on anything that needed to be laid out.
Do we have a plan for communicating padding, etc. on front end stories? Solution: Slim templates. He'd rather we focus on business logic.
Evan highly recommends going through Angular tutorial.
Have a clear vision and we're comfortable bringing stuff to our client.
