# Mentor Meeting on 11/15/2020

## Meeting Start Time

**2020/11/15/12:00 pm**

## Meeting End Time

**2020/11/15/12:40 pm**

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Haden, Julian, Chris, Evan, Jim, Robert, Evan

## Minute Recorder

Chris

## Topics Dicussed

In this meeting we discussed our current iteration features and where we were as a team. This includes Evan looking at our code and hearing our thoughts on the documentation needed.
Evan had the team try a small test to see where the team felt they were. It was noted that the team felt, overall, around a 4/5 on our ability to complete the 
given iteration features. We had also discussed the length at which we need to go to have a complete iteration one. He had told the team that it is okay to drop parts of
a feature as long as the feature is functional by the end of the iteration. 

## Things Clarified

There was a lot of information to guide us moving forward in the iteration. Evan put emphasis on functional software over the complete of the full function.
He had also assured the group that this is difficult for time managment, leading a student life and trying to work on a large project can be difficult. When looking towards
the documentation a big focus should be making sure the development docs are good. Adding new members to a team is common in the work force, so this type of documentation
will only get more important as we continue our careers. Overall, the group seemed to be doing well, based on what Evan had stated. It is a matter of 
getting the team to continue the work we are putting in to make it past this first iteration.
