# Mentor Meeting on 11/15/2020

## Meeting Start Time

**2020/12/10/7:00 pm**

## Meeting End Time

**2020/12/10/8:00 pm**

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Haden, Julian, Chris, Ben, Jim, Robert

## Minute Recorder

Chris

## Topics Dicussed

For this meeting we discussed the documentation for the second iteration, third iteration features, break plans, andd the softwware. Ben gave advice on where to improve
in each section of documentation. Some examples for areas of improvement were: putting deployment documentation into an ordered list, adding how to start the 
development environment in the dev document, and keeping user documentation focused around pictures. The team lacked in these three areas in the first iteration, so
Ben's advice will help us create better documentation for iteration two.

Software seemed to going well enough based on Ben's feedback. The main concerns were making sure that each feature would be properly implemented rather than focusing
on anything else. While tests are important for the development of the software, we should focus on making sure the feature is implemented before worrying 
about the tests. Ben had also provided feedback in areas that the team was stuck in, such as fixing a text editor for Vue. This provided the team a good resource
to ask questions.

The team had little to discuss about break plans for each team member. All that was really said was our general plans and what we wanted to do. The team then 
talked on how we were setting a meeting up this Saturday to discuss our plans for the break.

Looking towards third iteration features the team is going to keep building up the current pages we have. This included adding more to messaging, pitch pages, and 
search functionality. This was the general outlook for our next iteration with more to be planned in the coming days.

## Things Clarified

Based on this meeting we now had a structure of were we wanted to take things in the last few days of the second iteration. Everyone on the team was able to 
clear any misunderstandings that we had about the topics we had discussed. We now had a more focused idea of where we were heading and how we were going to get
there.
