# Mentor Meeting on 12/14/2020

## Meeting Start Time

**2020/12/15/5:00 pm**

## Meeting End Time

**2020/12/15/6:00 pm**

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Haden, Julian, Chris, Ben, Jim, Robert

## Minute Recorder

Julian

## Topics Dicussed

In this meeting, we discussed where we felt we went right as a team and where we felt we went wrong. Ben led us in this discussion. 
We also discussed our overall iteration two artifacts. This included our documents, software, iteration 3 plans, and break plans. 
More emphasis was put on where we went wrong so we had a base line to improve for the next iteration. 
Everyone in the team felt that this iteration went significantly better than the last, including the mentor. 
Peer programming was one of the big improvements during this iteration. It helped us get things done much quicker than last iteration.
Last iteration, we had zero functionality but in this iteration we had functionality. 
We all agreed that we could have met up earlier during this iteration to get stuff done, and that's exactly what we plan to do in iteration 3. 
We will meetup earlier and finishing much of the work early on in iteration 3, so we have the rest of the time to clean things up and put things together. 
This will set us up so at the end of each iteration we have all the necessary components in the iteration we need, including functionality.
Ben thought our documents and software was good and suggested an improvement for one of them during iteration 3.
For our break plans, we plan to take the break to learn more instead of focusing on creating software, but that may be part of it.


## Things Clarified

This iteration we clarified that break was going to be a time to relax and gather ourselves for the next iteration, but we'll take the opportunity to learn so we come back 
ready to create software. We decided that we would continue with the peer programming because so far, it's been extremely beneficial to our group. 
For iteration 3, we decided to get things done early on so when the projects due date comes, we're ready.
